Update Firefox 129 release notes for WebDriver conforming changes (#35278)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/129/index.md

#### WebDriver BiDi

- Added support for the `network.setCacheBehavior` command, which allows to configure the browser to bypass the network cache either globally or for a set of top level browsing contexts. ([Firefox bug 1901032](https://bugzil.la/1901032) and [Firefox bug 1906100](https://bugzil.la/1906100))
- Added support for prompts of type `beforeUnload` which can now be handled in the same way as other user prompts. ([Firefox bug 1824220](https://bugzil.la/1824220))
- We now support all arguments for the `network.provideResponse` command when used in the `beforeRequestSent` phase, such as the `body` parameter which allows to return mock responses. ([Firefox bug 1853882](https://bugzil.la/1853882))
- The `browsingContext.userPromptOpened` now includes the `handler` field which contains the user prompt handler configured for the prompt which triggered the event. ([Firefox bug 1904822](https://bugzil.la/1904822))

> - By default CDP (Chrome DevTools Protocol) is now disabled. It can be re-enabled via the `remote.active-protocols` preference. ([Firefox bug 1882089](https://bugzil.la/1882089))

Reviewer: Do we maybe want to put this item in the beginning (or at the end), so it wouldn't get lost among other updates? Not sure if we did it before, but maybe we could add a link to [the blog post](https://fxdx.dev/deprecating-cdp-support-in-firefox-embracing-the-future-with-webdriver-bidi/) with more details?

Author: Moved it at the beginning and added the link, thanks!

- The `BrowsingContextInfo` type will now provide an `originalOpener` field which is the context id of the "opener" browsing context. This will be set for instance if the new context was created by using a link (even with `rel=noopener`), `window.open` etc. If the new browsing context has no relevant opener, the field will be set to null. ([Firefox bug 1898004](https://bugzil.la/1898004))
- Network events (`beforeRequestSent`, `responseStarted` and `responseCompleted`) are now created for requests to data URLs. In Firefox 129, only navigation requests will be listed. ([Firefox bug 1805176](https://bugzil.la/1805176))

> - We added support for the `promptUnload` argument for `browsingContext.close`, which allows to bypass before unload prompts when closing a context via this command. ([Firefox bug 1862380](https://bugzil.la/1862380))

Reviewer: I think we usually write it in one word (and it's also written like this in the last item)
```suggestion
- We added support for the `promptUnload` argument for `browsingContext.close`, which allows to bypass "beforeunload" prompts when closing a context via this command. ([Firefox bug 1862380](https://bugzil.la/1862380))
```

Author: Done!
